Ordinarily, Twisted requires creating instances of  `Deferred`  and adding callbacks to those instances as the method of constructing async programs. A few years ago, the  `@inlineCallbacks`  decorator was added, which repurposes generators as coroutines. While  `@inlineCallbacks`   *did*  allow you to write code that was linear in appearance (unlike callbacks), some hacks were required, such as this call to `defer.returnValue()` , which is how you have to return values from `@inlineCallbacks`  coroutines. Here we can see the  `yield`  that makes this function a generator. For `@inlineCallbacks`  to work, there must be at least one  `yield`  present in the function being decorated. Since native coroutines appeared in Python 3.5, the Twisted team (and  Amber Brown in particular) have been working to add support for running Twisted on the  `asyncio` event loop. This is an ongoing effort, and my goal in this section is not to convince you to create all your applications as Twisted- `asyncio`  hybrids, but rather to make you aware that work is currently being done to provide significant interoperability between the two. For those of you with experience using Twisted,  Example 4-11  might be jarring. *Example 4-11. Support for asyncio in Twisted* `# twisted_asyncio.py` `from` ` ` `time` ` ` `import` ` ` `ctime` `from` ` ` `twisted.internet` ` ` `import` ` ` `asyncioreactor` `asyncioreactor` `.` `install` `()` `  ` `from` ` ` `twisted.internet` ` ` `import` ` ` `reactor` `,` ` ` `defer` `,` ` ` `task` `  ` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `main` `():` `  ` `    ` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `5` `):` `        ` `print` `(` `f` `'{ctime()} Hello ` `{i}` `'` `)` `        ` `await` ` ` `task` `.` `deferLater` `(` `reactor` `,` ` ` `1` `,` ` ` `lambda` `:` ` ` `None` `)` `  ` `defer` `.` `ensureDeferred` `(` `main` `())` `  ` `reactor` `.` `run` `()` `  ` This is how you tell Twisted to use the  `asyncio`  event loop as its main  `reactor` .  Note that this line  *must*  come before the  `reactor`  is imported from `twisted.internet`  on the following line. **Twisted ** **| ** **89**