Anyone familiar with Twisted programming will recognize these imports. We don’t have space to cover them in depth here, but in a nutshell, the  `reactor`  is the `Twisted`  version of the  `asyncio`   *loop* , and  `defer`  and  `task`  are namespaces for tools to work with scheduling coroutines. Seeing  `async def`  here, in a Twisted program, looks odd, but this is indeed what the new support for  `async/await`  gives us: the ability to use native coroutines directly in Twisted programs. In the older  `@inlineCallbacks`  world, you would have used  `yield from`  here, but now we can use  `await` , the same as in  `asyncio`  code. The other part of this line,  `deferLater()` , is an alternative way to do the same thing as `asyncio.sleep(1)` . We  `await`  a future where, after one second, a do-nothing callback will fire. `ensureDeferred()`  is a Twisted version of scheduling a coroutine. This would be analogous to  `loop.create_task()`  or  `asyncio.ensure_future()` . Running the  `reactor`  is the same as  `loop.run_forever()`  in  `asyncio` . Running this script produces the following output: `$ ` `twisted_asyncio.py` `Mon Oct 16 16:19:49 2019 Hello 0` `Mon Oct 16 16:19:50 2019 Hello 1` `Mon Oct 16 16:19:51 2019 Hello 2` `Mon Oct 16 16:19:52 2019 Hello 3` `Mon Oct 16 16:19:53 2019 Hello 4` There’s much more to learn about Twisted. In particular, it’s well worth your time to go through the list of networking protocols it implements. There is still some work to be done, but the future looks very bright for interoperation between Twisted and `asyncio` . `asyncio`  has been designed in such a way that we can look forward to a future where it will be possible to incorporate code from many async frameworks, such as Twisted and Tornado, into a single application, with all code running on the same event loop. **90 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**