### The Janus Queue
 The Janus queue (installed with  `pip install janus` ) provides a solution for communication between threads and coroutines. In the Python standard library, there are two kinds of queues: `queue.Queue` A  *blocking*  queue, commonly used for communication and buffering between threads `asyncio.Queue` An  `async` -compatible queue, commonly used for communication and buffering between coroutines Unfortunately, neither is useful for communication between threads and coroutines! This is where Janus comes in: it is a single queue that exposes both APIs, a blocking one  *and*  an async one.  Example 4-12  generates data from inside a thread, places that data on a queue, and then consumes that data from a coroutine. *Example 4-12. Connecting coroutines and threads with a Janus queue* `# janus_demo.py` `import` ` ` `asyncio` `import` ` ` `random` `import` ` ` `time` `import` ` ` `janus` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `main` `():` `    ` `loop` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `get_running_loop` `()` `    ` `queue` ` ` `=` ` ` `janus` `.` `Queue` `(` `loop` `=` `loop` `)` `  ` `    ` `future` ` ` `=` ` ` `loop` `.` `run_in_executor` `(` `None` `,` ` ` `data_source` `,` ` ` `queue` `)` `    ` `while` ` ` `(` `data` ` ` `:` `=` ` ` `await` ` ` `queue` `.` `async_q` `.` `get` `())` ` ` `is` ` ` `not` ` ` `None` `:` `  ` `        ` `print` `(` `f` `'Got ` `{data}` ` off queue'` `)` `  ` `    ` `print` `(` `'Done.'` `)` `def` ` ` `data_source` `(` `queue` `):` `    ` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `10` `):` `        ` `r` ` ` `=` ` ` `random` `.` `randint` `(` `0` `,` ` ` `4` `)` `        ` `time` `.` `sleep` `(` `r` `)` `  ` `        ` `queue` `.` `sync_q` `.` `put` `(` `r` `)` `  ` `    ` `queue` `.` `sync_q` `.` `put` `(` `None` `)` `asyncio` `.` `run` `(` `main` `())` Create a Janus queue. Note that just like an  `asyncio.Queue` , the Janus queue will be associated with a specific event loop. As usual, if you don’t provide the  `loop` parameter, the standard  `get_event_loop()`  call will be used internally. **The Janus Queue ** **| ** **91**