1  Actually, you  *can*  as long as the sockets being used in different threads are created, used, and destroyed entirely in their own threads. It is possible but hard to do, and many people struggle to get this right. This is why the recommendation to use a single thread and a polling mechanism is so strong. If you need to move data between multiple sockets in a threaded ØMQ application, you’re going to need a  *poller* . This is because these sockets are not threadsafe, so you cannot  `recv()`  on different sockets in different threads. 1 It works similarly to the  `select()`  system call. The poller will unblock when there is data ready to be received on one of the registered sockets, and then it’s up to you to pull the data off and do something with it. The big  `if`  block is how you detect the correct socket. Using a poller loop plus an explicit socket-selection block makes the code look a little clunky, but this approach avoids thread-safety problems by guaranteeing the same socket is not used from different threads. Example 4-16  shows the server code. *Example 4-16. Server code* `# poller_srv.py` `import` ` ` `zmq` `,` ` ` `itertools` `,` ` ` `time` `context` ` ` `=` ` ` `zmq` `.` `Context` `()` `pusher` ` ` `=` ` ` `context` `.` `socket` `(` `zmq` `.` `PUSH` `)` `pusher` `.` `bind` `(` `"tcp://*:5557"` `)` `publisher` ` ` `=` ` ` `context` `.` `socket` `(` `zmq` `.` `PUB` `)` `publisher` `.` `bind` `(` `"tcp://*:5556"` `)` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `itertools` `.` `count` `():` `    ` `time` `.` `sleep` `(` `1` `)` `    ` `pusher` `.` `send_json` `(` `i` `)` `    ` `publisher` `.` `send_json` `(` `i` `)` This code is not important for the discussion, but briefly: there’s a  `PUSH`  socket and a `PUB`  socket, as I said earlier, and a loop inside that sends data to both sockets every second. Here’s sample output from  *poller.py*  (note:  *both*  programs must be running): `$ ` `poller.py` `Via PULL: 0` `Via SUB: 0` `Via PULL: 1` `Via SUB: 1` `Via PULL: 2` `Via SUB: 2` **100 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**