#### CHAPTER 1
 ### Introducing Asyncio
 My story is a lot like yours, only more interesting ’cause it involves robots. —Bender,  *Futurama*  episode “30% Iron Chef” The most common question I receive about Asyncio in Python 3 is this: “What is it, and what do I do with it?” The answer you’ll hear most frequently is likely something about being able to execute multiple concurrent HTTP requests in a single program. But there is more to it than that—much more. Asyncio requires changing how you think about structuring programs. The following story provides a backdrop for gaining this understanding. The central focus of Asyncio is on how best to best perform multiple tasks at the same time—and not just any tasks, but specifically tasks that involve waiting periods. The key insight required with this style of programming is that while you wait for  *this*  task to complete, work on  *other*  tasks can be performed. ### The Restaurant of ThreadBots
 The year is 2051, and you find yourself in the restaurant business. Automation, largely by robot workers, powers most of the economy, but it turns out that humans still enjoy going out to eat once in a while. In your restaurant, all the employees are robots—humanoid, of course, but unmistakably robots. The most successful manufacturer of robots is Threading Inc., and robot workers from this company have come to be called “ThreadBots.” Except for this small robotic detail, your restaurant looks and operates like one of those old-time establishments from, say, 2020. Your guests will be looking for that vintage experience. They want fresh food prepared from scratch. They want to sit at tables. They want to wait for their meals—but only a little. They want to pay at the end, and they sometimes even want to leave a tip, for old times’ sake. **1**