Note that I use  *parameters*  ( `$1`  and  `$2` ) for passing data to the SQL query.  *Never* use string interpolation or concatenation to build queries, as this is a security risk! In the remainder of this demo, I’m going to be manipulating data in the  `users` table, so here I make a new utility coroutine function that fetches a record in the table. This will be called several times. When  *retrieving*  data, it is far more useful to use the  `fetch` -based methods, because these will return  `Record`  objects.  `asyncpg`  will automatically cast datatypes to the most appropriate types for Python. I immediately use the  `get_row()`  helper to display the newly inserted record. I modify data by using the  `UPDATE`  command for SQL. It’s a tiny modification: the year value in the date of birth is changed by one year. As before, this is performed with the connection’s  `execute()`  method. The remainder of the code demo follows the same structure as seen so far, and a  `DELETE` , followed by another `print()` , happens a few lines down. Here’s the output of running this script: `$ ` `asyncpg-basic.py` `After INSERT: <Record id=1 name='Bob' dob=datetime.date(1984, 3, 1)>` `After UPDATE: <Record id=1 name='Bob' dob=datetime.date(1985, 3, 1)>` `After DELETE: None` Note how the date value retrieved in our  `Record`  object has been converted to a Python  `date`  object:  `asyncpg`  has automatically converted the datatype from the SQL type to its Python counterpart. A large table of  type conversions  in the  `asyncpg`  documentation describes all the type mappings that are built into the library. The preceding code is very simple, perhaps even crudely so if you’re used to the convenience of object-relational mappers (ORMs) like SQLAlchemy or the Django web framework’s built-in ORM. At the end of this chapter, I mention several third-party libraries that provide access to ORMs or ORM-like features for  `asyncpg` . Example 4-22  shows my boilerplate  `Database`  object in the  `utils`  module; you may find it useful to make something similar for your own experiments. *Example 4-22. Useful tooling for your asyncpg experiments* `# util.py` `import` ` ` `argparse` `,` ` ` `asyncio` `,` ` ` `asyncpg` `from` ` ` `asyncpg.pool` ` ` `import` ` ` `Pool` **112 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**