`if` ` ` `__name__` ` ` `==` ` ` `'__main__'` `:` `    ` `parser` ` ` `=` ` ` `argparse` `.` `ArgumentParser` `()` `    ` `parser` `.` `add_argument` `(` `'--cmd'` `,` ` ` `choices` `=` `[` `'create'` `,` ` ` `'drop'` `])` `    ` `parser` `.` `add_argument` `(` `'--name'` `,` ` ` `type` `=` `str` `)` `    ` `args` ` ` `=` ` ` `parser` `.` `parse_args` `()` `    ` `d` ` ` `=` ` ` `Database` `(` `args` `.` `name` `,` ` ` `owner` `=` `True` `)` `    ` `if` ` ` `args` `.` `cmd` ` ` `==` ` ` `'create'` `:` `        ` `asyncio` `.` `run` `(` `d` `.` `connect` `())` `    ` `elif` ` ` `args` `.` `cmd` ` ` `==` ` ` `'drop'` `:` `        ` `asyncio` `.` `run` `(` `d` `.` `disconnect` `())` `    ` `else` `:` `        ` `parser` `.` `print_help` `()` The  `Database`  class is just a fancy context manager for creating and deleting a database from a PostgreSQL instance. The database name is passed into the constructor. (Note: The sequence of callouts in the code is intentionally different from this list.) This is an  *asynchronous*  context manager. Instead of the usual  `__enter__()` and  `__exit__()`  methods, I use their  `__aenter__()`  and  `__aexit__()` counterparts. Here, in the entering side, I’ll create the new database and return a connection to that new database.  `server_command()`  is another helper method defined a few lines down. I use it to run the command for creating our new database. I then make a connection to the newly created database. Note that I’ve hardcoded several details about the connection: this is intentional, as I wanted to keep the code samples small. You could easily generalize this by making fields for the username, hostname, and port. In the exiting side of the context manager, I close the connection and… …destroy the database. For completeness, this is our utility method for running commands against the PostgreSQL server itself. It creates a connection for that purpose, runs the given command, and exits. This function creates a long-lived socket connection to the database that will listen for events. This mechanism will be featured in the upcoming case study. **114 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**