Being new to the robotic restaurant business, you do what every other restaurateur does and hire a small fleet of robots: one to greet diners at the front desk (GreetBot), one to wait tables and take orders (WaitBot), one to do the cooking (ChefBot), and one to manage the bar (WineBot). Hungry diners arrive at the front desk and are welcomed by GreetBot, your front-ofhouse ThreadBot. They are then directed to a table, and once they are seated, WaitBot takes their order. Then WaitBot brings that order to the kitchen on a slip of paper (because you want to preserve that old-time experience, remember?). ChefBot looks at the order on the slip and begins preparing the food. WaitBot will periodically check whether the food is ready, and when it is, will immediately take the dishes to the customers’ table. When the guests are ready to leave, they return to GreetBot, who calculates the bill, takes their payment, and graciously wishes them a pleasant evening. Your restaurant is a hit, and you soon grow to have a large customer base. Your robot employees do exactly what they’re told, and they are perfectly good at the tasks you assign them. Everything is going really well, and you couldn’t be happier. Over time, however, you do begin to notice some problems. Oh, it’s nothing truly serious; just a few things that seem to go wrong. Every other robotic restaurant owner seems to have similar niggling glitches. It is a little worrying that these problems seem to get worse the more successful you become. Though rare, there are the occasional collisions that are very unsettling: sometimes, when a plate of food is ready in the kitchen, WaitBot will grab it  *before*  ChefBot has even let go of the plate. This usually ends up with the plate shattering and leaves a big mess. ChefBot cleans it up, of course, but still, you’d think that these top-notch robots would know how to be a bit more synchronized with each other. This happens at the bar too: sometimes WineBot will place a drink order on the bar, and WaitBot will grab it before WineBot has let go, resulting in broken glass and spilled Nederburg Cabernet Sauvignon. Also, sometimes GreetBot will seat new diners at exactly the same moment that WaitBot has decided to clean what it thought was an empty table. It’s pretty awkward for the diners. You’ve tried adding delay logic to WaitBot’s cleaning function, or delays to GreetBot’s seating function, but these don’t really help, and the collisions still occur. But at least these events are rare. Well, they used to be. Your restaurant has become so popular that you’ve had to hire a few more ThreadBots. For very busy Friday and Saturday evenings, you’ve had to add a second GreetBot and two extra WaitBots. Unfortunately, the hiring contracts for ThreadBots mean that you have to hire them for the whole week, so this effectively means that for most of the quiet part of the week, you’re carrying three extra ThreadBots that you don’t really need. **2 ** **| ** **Chapter 1: Introducing Asyncio**