I’m passing the connection pool for the database, and the same pattern is used for all the interaction with the database model in this function and in the  `PatronAPI` class further down. A new primary key,  `id` , will be created, and this is returned back to the caller as JSON. While creation is handled in the  `new_patron()`  function, all other interactions are handled in this  *class-based view* , which is a convenience provided by Sanic. All the methods in this class are associated with the same URL, `/patron/<id:int>` , which you can see in the  `add_route()`  function near the bottom. Note that the  `id`  URL parameter will be passed to each of the methods, and this parameter is required for all three endpoints. You can safely ignore the  `metaclass`  argument: all it does is wrap each method with the  `@aelapsed`  decorator so that timings will be printed in the logs. Again, this is not part of the Sanic API; it’s my own invention for logging timing data. As before, model interaction is performed inside the  `model`  module. If the model reports failure for doing the update, I modify the response data. I’ve included this for readers who have not yet seen Python’s version of the  *ternary* *operator* . The  `@app.listener`  decorators are hooks provided by Sanic to give you a place to add extra actions during the startup and shutdown sequence. This one, `before_server_start` , is invoked before the API server is started up. This seems like a good place to initialize our database connection. Use the  `Database`  helper to create a connection to our PostgreSQL instance. The DB we’re connecting to is  `restaurant` . Obtain a connection pool to our database. Use our model (for the  `patron`  table) to create the table if it’s missing. Use our model to create a dedicated_listener for database events, listening on the channel  `chan_patron` . The callback function for these events is `model.db_event()` , which I’ll go through in the next listing. The callback will be called every time the database updates the channel. `after_server_stop`  is the hook for tasks that must happen during shutdown. Here we disconnect from the database. **122 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**