via a connection pool, and how to use PostgreSQL’s async notification features to receive callbacks over a dedicated, long-lived database connection. Many people prefer to use object-relational mappers to work with databases, and in this area,  SQLAlchemy  is the leader. There is growing support for using SQLAlchemy together with  `asyncpg`  in third-party libraries like  `asyncpgsa`  and  GINO . Another popular ORM,  Peewee , is given support for  `asyncio`  through the  `aiopeewee`  package. ### Other Libraries and Resources
 There are many other libraries for  `asyncio`  not covered in this book. To find out more, you can check out the  `aio-libs`  project , which manages nearly 40 libraries, and the  Awesome  `asyncio`  project , which bookmarks many other projects compatible with the  `asyncio`  module. One library that bears special mention is  `aiofiles` . As you may recall from our earlier discussions, I said that to achieve high concurrency in Asyncio, it is vitally important that the loop never block. In this context, our focus on blocking operations has been exclusively network-based I/O, but it turns out that disk access is also a blocking operation that will impact your performance at very high concurrency levels. The solution to this is  `aiofiles` , which provides a convenient wrapper for performing disk access in a thread. This works because Python releases the GIL during file operations so your main thread (running the  `asyncio`  loop) is unaffected. The most important domain for Asyncio is going to be network programming. For this reason, it’s not a bad idea to learn a little about socket programming, and even after all these years, Gordon McMillan’s  “Socket Programming HOWTO” , included with the standard Python documentation, is one of the best introductions you’ll find. I learned Asyncio from a wide variety of sources, many of which have already been mentioned in earlier sections. Everyone learns differently, so it’s worth exploring different types of learning materials. Here are a few others that I found useful: •  Robert Smallshire’s  “Get to Grips with Asyncio in Python 3” talk , presented at NDC London in January 2017. This is by far the best YouTube video on Asyncio I’ve come across. The talk may be somewhat advanced for a beginner, but it really does give a clear description of how Asyncio is designed. •  Nikolay Novik’s  “Building Apps with Asyncio” slides , presented at PyCon UA 2016. The information is dense, but a lot of practical experience is captured in these slides. •  Endless sessions in the Python REPL, trying things out and “seeing what happens.” **126 ** **| ** **Chapter 4: 20 Asyncio Libraries You Aren’t Using (But…Oh, Never Mind)**