The other resource problem, in addition to the extra cost, is that it’s more work for you to deal with these extra ThreadBots. It was fine to keep tabs on just four bots, but now you’re up to seven. Keeping track of seven ThreadBots is a lot more work, and because your restaurant keeps getting more and more famous, you become worried about taking on even more ThreadBots. It’s going to become a full-time job just to keep track of what each ThreadBot is doing. And another thing: these extra ThreadBots are using up a lot more space inside your restaurant. It’s becoming a tight squeeze for your customers, what with all these robots zipping around. You’re worried that if you need to add even more bots, this space problem is going to get even worse. You want to use the space in your restaurant for customers, not ThreadBots. The collisions have also become worse since you added more ThreadBots. Now, sometimes two WaitBots take the exact same order from the same table at the same time. It’s as if they both noticed that the table was ready to order and moved in to take it, without noticing that the other WaitBot was doing the exact same thing. As you can imagine, this results in duplicated food orders, which causes extra load on the kitchen and increases the chance of collisions when picking up the ready plates. You’re concerned that if you add more WaitBots, this problem might get worse. Time passes. Then, during one very, very busy Friday night service, you have a singular moment of clarity: time slows, lucidity overwhelms you, and you see a snapshot of your restaurant frozen in time.  *My * *ThreadBots* * are doing nothing!*  Not really nothing, to be fair, but they’re just…waiting. Each of your three WaitBots at different tables is waiting for one of the diners at their table to give their order. The WineBot has already prepared 17 drinks, which are now waiting to be collected (it took only a few seconds), and is waiting for a new drink order. One of the GreetBots has greeted a new party of guests and told them they need to wait a minute to be seated, and is waiting for the guests to respond. The other GreetBot, now processing a credit card payment for another guest that is leaving, is waiting for confirmation on the payment gateway device. Even the ChefBot, who is currently cooking 35 meals, is not actually doing anything at this moment, but is simply waiting for one of the meals to complete cooking so that it can be plated up and handed over to a WaitBot. You realize that even though your restaurant is now full of ThreadBots, and you’re even considering getting more (with all the problems that entails), the ones that you currently have are not being fully utilized. The moment passes, but not the realization. On Sunday, you add a data collection module to your ThreadBots. For each ThreadBot, you’re measuring how much time is spent waiting and how much is spent actively doing work. Over the course of the following week, the data is collected. Then on Sunday evening, you analyze the **The Restaurant of ThreadBots ** **| ** **3**