asyncore should really be considered a historical artifact and never actually used. —Jean-Paul Calderone ca. 2013 on  Stack Overflow Support for so-called  *asynchronous features*  was added to Python a long time ago, in the  `asyncore`  module. As you can tell from the preceding quotes, reception of  `asyn` `core`  was lukewarm, and usage low. What is jaw-dropping, to this author at least, is *when*  this module was added: in Python 1.5.2! This is what it says at the top of  *Lib/* *asyncore.py*  in the CPython source: `# -*- Mode: Python -*#   Id: asyncore.py,v 2.51 2000/09/07 22:29:26 rushing Exp` `#   Author: Sam Rushing <rushing@nightmare.com>` `# =============================================================` `# Copyright 1996 by Sam Rushing` Furthermore, the first paragraph of the Python  documentation for  `asyncore`  says the following, which could easily appear in  *today’s*  documentation for  `asyncio` : This module provides the basic infrastructure for writing asynchronous socket service clients and servers. There are only two ways to have a program on a single processor do “more than one thing at a time.” Multithreaded programming is the simplest and most popular way to do it, but there is another very different technique, that lets you have nearly all the advantages of multithreading, without actually using multiple threads. It’s really only practical if your program is largely I/O bound. If your program is processor bound, then preemptive scheduled threads are probably what you really need. Network servers are rarely processor bound, however. 1996, huh? Clearly it was already possible to manage multiple socket events in a single thread in Python back then (and, in fact, much earlier than this in other languages). So what has changed in the past quarter-century that makes Asyncio special now? The answer is language syntax. We’re going to be looking at this more closely in the next section, but before closing out this window into the past, it’s worth noting a small detail that appeared in the Python 3.6 docs for  `asyncore`  (ca. December 2016): Source code: Lib/asyncore.py *Deprecated since version 3.6* : Please use  `asyncio`  instead. **132 ** **| ** **Appendix A: A Short History of Async Support in Python**