1 ` asyncio`  was added in Python 3.4. ### The Path to Native Coroutines
 Recall that I’m using the term  *Asyncio*  to refer to both the Python language syntax changes, and the new  `asyncio`  module in the standard library. 1  Let’s dig into that distinction a little more. Today, support for asynchronous programming in Python has three distinct components, and it’s interesting to consider when they were added: *Language syntax: generators* Keyword  `yield` , added in Python 2.2 (2001) in  PEP 255  and enhanced in Python 2.5 (2005) in  PEP 342  with the  `send()`  and  `throw()`  methods on generator objects, which allowed generators to be used as coroutines for the first time. Keyword  `yield from` , added in Python 3.3 (2009) in  PEP 380  to make it much easier to work with  *nested*  yields of generators, particularly in the case where generators are being used as makeshift (i.e., temporary) coroutines. *Language syntax: coroutines* Keywords  `async`  and  `await` , added in Python 3.5 (2015) in  PEP 492 , which gave first-class support to coroutines as a language feature in their own right. This also means that generators can again be used as generators, even inside coroutine functions. *Library module: * `asyncio` Added in Python 3.4 (2012) in  PEP 3156 , providing batteries-included support for both framework designers and end-user developers to work with coroutines and perform network I/O. Crucially, the design of the event loop in  `asyncio`  was intended to provide a common base upon which other existing third-party frameworks like Tornado and Twisted could standardize. These three are quite distinct from each other, although you could be forgiven confusion since the history of the development of these features in Python has been difficult to follow. The impact of new syntax for  `async`  and  `await`  is significant, and it’s having an effect on other programming languages too, like JavaScript, C#, Scala, Kotlin, and Dart. It took a long time and a lot of thinking by the thousands of programmers involved in the Python project to get us to this point. **A Short History of Async Support in Python ** **| ** **133**