Friday evening service begins, and as you had hoped, the single ThreadBot keeps up with all the customers and tasks, and service is proceeding even better than before. You imagine that you can take on even more customers now, and you don’t have to worry about having to bring on more ThreadBots. You think of all the money you’re going to save. Then, unfortunately, something goes wrong: one of the meals, an intricate soufflé, has flopped. This has never happened before in your restaurant. You begin to study the LoopBot more closely. It turns out that at one of your tables, there is a very chatty guest. This guest has come to your restaurant alone and keeps trying to make conversation with the LoopBot, even sometimes holding your LoopBot by the hand. When this happens, your LoopBot is unable to dash off and attend to the ever-growing list of tasks elsewhere in your restaurant. This is why the kitchen produced its first flopped soufflé: your LoopBot was unable to make it back to the kitchen to remove the dish from the oven because it was held up by a guest. Friday service finishes, and you head home to reflect on what you have learned. It’s true that the LoopBot was able to do all the work that was required in the busy Friday service; but on the other hand, your kitchen produced its very first spoiled meal, something that has never happened before. Chatty guests used to keep WaitBots busy all the time, but that never affected the kitchen service at all. All things considered, you decide it is still better to continue using a single LoopBot. Those worrying collisions no longer occur, and there is much more space in your restaurant—space that you can use for more customers. But you realize something profound about the LoopBot: it can be effective only if every task is short, or at least can be performed in a short period of time. If any activity keeps the LoopBot busy for too long, other tasks will begin to suffer neglect. It is difficult to know in advance which tasks may take too much time. What if a guest orders a cocktail that requires intricate preparation, taking much more time than usual? What if a guest wants to complain about a meal at the front desk, refuses to pay, and grabs the LoopBot by the arm, preventing it from task switching? You decide that instead of figuring out all of these issues up front, it is better to continue with the LoopBot, record as much information as possible, and deal with any problems later as they arise. More time passes. Gradually, other restaurant owners notice your operation, and eventually they figure out that they too can get by, and even thrive, with only a single ThreadBot. Word spreads. Soon every single restaurant operates in this way, and it becomes difficult to remember that robotic restaurants ever operated with multiple ThreadBots at all. **The Restaurant of ThreadBots ** **| ** **5**