#### About the Author
 **Caleb Hattingh**  first came across Python at version 1.5.2, learned the basics from printouts of Andrew Kuchling’s online PDF notes, and started working with it seriously around 2001, shortly after the release of Python 2.0. It was an interesting time: Caleb’s main tools were MATLAB and Delphi, modems in South Africa still made loud noises, Java was at 1.3, C# 1.0 had not yet shipped, and YouTube would not exist for another four years. In Python, Caleb saw a flexible tool that could be wielded to fit any problem. Testing that hypothesis, Caleb has since applied Python to a wide variety of domains including chemical data modeling, hotel bookings and CRM software, websites, financial management software, chemical reactor modeling, coal combustion dynamic simulation, online learn-to-code training software, GPS tracking software, and most recently software-defined networking. Similarly discontiguous are the themes in Caleb’s publications: this book,  *Using Asyncio in Python* , is his third work for O’Reilly, with previous titles being  *Learning* *Cython*  (video) and  *20 Python Libraries You Aren’t Using (But Should)* . The common theme for Caleb, if any, seems to be finding complex concepts and trying to teach them. Caleb can be found at  *https://github.com/cjrh* . #### Colophon
 The animal on the cover of  *Using Asyncio in Python*  is a frog of the genus  *Hyla* .  *Hyla* belongs to the tree frog family Hylidae and consists of 17 living species of frog in Europe, northern Africa, and Asia. Most of these species are small frogs under 2 inches in length. Their hind legs are longer than their forelegs, and the digits of the hands and feet end in adhesive discs. Depending on the species, as well as temperature, humidity, and mood, skin color ranges from bright to olive green, gray, brown, and yellow. Males have a vocal sac that amplifies their mating calls. These frogs live in forest habitats and breed in lakes, ponds, and swamps. They typically eat arthropods. All species of  *Hyla*  are considered common; however, they are all potentially threatened by habitat loss and degradation. Many of the animals on O’Reilly covers are endangered; all of them are important to the world. The cover illustration is by Karen Montgomery, based on a black-and-white engraving from  *English Cyclopedia* . The cover fonts are Gilroy Semibold and Guardian Sans. The text font is Adobe Minion Pro; the heading font is Adobe Myriad Condensed; and the code font is Dalton Maag’s Ubuntu Mono.