The CPython Memory Allocator next and previous pools of that class. When the allocation task happens, it is easy to jump between pools of the same class size within an arena by following this list. Pool Tables A register of the pools within an arena is called a  pool table . A pool table is a headed, circular, doubly-linked list of partially-used pools. The pool table is segmented by class size index,  i . For an index of  i ,  usedpools[i + i]  points to the header of a list of all partially-used pools that have the size index for that class size. Pool tables have some essential characteristics: • When a pool becomes full, it is unlinked from its  usedpools[]  list. • If a full block has a block freed, the pool back is put back in the used state. The newly freed pool is linked in at the front of the appropriate  usedpools[]  list so that the next allocation for its size class will reuse the freed block. • On transition to empty, a pool is unlinked from its  usedpools[]  list, and linked to the front of its arena’s singly-linked  freepools  list. Blocks Within a pool, memory is allocated into blocks. Blocks have the following characteristics: • Within a pool, blocks of ﬁxed class size can be allocated and freed. • Available blocks within a pool are listed in the singly-linked list, freeblock . • When a block is freed, it is inserted at the front of the  freeblock  list. • When a pool is initialized, only the ﬁrst two blocks are linked within the  freeblock  list. • As long a pool is in the  used  state, there will be a block available for allocating. 195