Garbage Collection • Type and Weak Reference Objects • Iterators and Generators • Pickle Buﬀers Wondering what’s missing? Floats, Integers, Boolean, and  NoneType are not marked for garbage collection. Custom types written with C extension models can be marked as requiring GC using the  GC C-API. 
##Untrackable Objects and Mutability 

 The GC will track certain types for changes in their properties to determine which are unreachable. Some container instances are not subject to change because they are immutable, so the API provides a mechanism for “untracking.” The fewer objects there are to be tracked by the GC, the faster and more eﬃcient the GC is. An excellent example of untrackable objects is tuples. Tuples are immutable. Once you create them, they cannot be changed. However, tuples can contain mutable types, like lists and dictionaries. This design in Python creates many side-eﬀects, one of which is the GC algorithm. When a tuple is created, unless it is empty, it is marked for tracking. When the GC runs, every tuple looks at its contents to see if it only contains immutable (untracked) instances. This step is completed in  _PyTuple_MaybeUntrack() . If the tuple determines that it only contains immutable types, like booleans and integers, it will remove itself from the GC tracking by calling  _PyObject_GC_UNTRACK() . Dictionaries are empty when they are created and untracked. When an item is added to a dictionary, if it is a tracked object, the dictionary will request itself to be tracked by the GC. You can see if any object is being tracked by calling  gc.is_tracked(obj) . 217