Multi-Process Parallelism libraries. It creates signiﬁcant overhead. Using multiple processes makes sense when the overhead of forking a process is outweighed by the size of the task being completed. Another major downside of forked processes is that they have a separate, isolated, heap from the parent process. This means that the child process cannot write to the memory space of the parent process. When creating the child process, the parent’s heap becomes available to the child process. To send information back to the parent, some form of Inter-Process-Communication (IPC) must be used. Note The  os  module oﬀers a wrapper around the  fork()  function. 
##Multi-Processing in Windows 

 So far, you’ve been reading the POSIX model. Windows doesn’t provide an equivalent to  fork() , and Python  should  (as best as possible) have the same API across Linux, macOS, and Windows. To overcome this, the  CreateProcessW()  API  is used to spawn another python.exe  process with a  -c  command-line argument. This step is known as “spawning,” a process and is also available on POSIX. You’ll see references to it throughout this chapter. 
##The 

  multiprocessing 
## Package 

 CPython provides an API on top of the Operating System process forking API. This API makes it simple to create multi-process parallelism in Python. This API is available from the  multiprocessing  package. This package provides expansive capabilities for pooling processes, queues, forking, creating shared memory heaps, connecting processes together, and more. 234