Multi-Process Parallelism 
##Shared State Between Processes 

 So far, you have seen how data can be shared between the child and the parent process. There may be scenarios where you want to share data between child processes. In this situation, the  multiprocessing  package provides two solutions: 1. A performant  Shared Memory API  using shared memory maps and shared C types 2. A flexible  Server Process API  supporting complex types via the Manager  class 
##Example Application 

 As a demonstration application, throughout this chapter, you will be refactoring a TCP port scanner for diﬀerent concurrency and parallelism techniques. Over a network, a host can be contacted on ports, which are a number from 1-65535. Common services have standard ports. For example, HTTP operates on port 80 and HTTPS on 443. TCP port scanners are used as a common network testing tool to check that packets can be sent over a network. This code example uses the  Queue  interface, a thread-safe queue implementation similar to the one you use in the multiprocessing examples. The code also uses the  socket  package to try connecting to a remote port with a short timeout of 1 second. The  check_port()  function will see if the  host  responds on the given  port , and if it does respond, it adds the port number to the  results  queue. When the script is executed, the  check_port()  function is called in sequence for port numbers 80-100. After this has completed, the results queue is emptied out, and the results are printed on the command line. 252