Multithreading See Also For a great introductory tutorial on the Python threading API, check out  Jim Anderson’s “Intro to Python Threading.” 
##The GIL 

 If you’re familiar with NT threads or POSIX threads from C, or you’ve used another high-level language, you may expect multithreading to be parallel. In CPython, the threads are based on the C APIs, but the threads are Python threads. This means that every Python thread needs to execute Python bytecode through the evaluation loop. The Python evaluation loop is not thread-safe. There are many parts of the interpreter state, such as the Garbage Collector, which are shared, and global. To get around this, the CPython developers implemented a mega-lock, called the  Global Interpreter Lock (GIL) . Before any opcode is executed in the frame-evaluation loop, the GIL is acquired by the thread, then once the opcode has been executed, it is released. Aside from providing a global thread-safety to every operation in Python, this approach has a major drawback. Any operations which take a long time to execute will leave other threads waiting for the GIL to be released before they can execute. This means that only 1 thread can be executing a Python bytecode operation at any one time. To acquire the GIL, a call is made to  take_gil()  and then again to  drop_- gil()  to release it. The GIL acquisition is made within the core frame evaluation loop,  _PyEval_EvalFrameDefault() . To stop a single frame execution from permanently holding the GIL, the evaluation loop state stores a flag,  gil_drop_request . After every 257