This bot is going to be waiting tables and will need to be responsible for some cutlery. Each bot keeps track of the cutlery that it took from the kitchen here. (The  `Cutlery`  class will be defined later.) The bot will also be assigned tasks. They will be added to this task queue, and the bot will perform them during its main processing loop, next. The primary routine of this bot is this infinite loop. If you need to shut down a bot, you have to give them the  `shutdown`  task. There are only three tasks defined for this bot. This one,  `prepare table` , is what the bot must do to get a new table ready for service. For our test, the only requirement is to get sets of cutlery from the kitchen and place them on the table. `clear table`  is used when a table is to be cleared: the bot must return the used cutlery back to the kitchen.  `shutdown`  just shuts down the bot. Example 2-3  shows the definition of the  `Cutlery`  object. *Example 2-3. * *Definition* * of the Cutlery object* `from` ` ` `attr` ` ` `import` ` ` `attrs` `,` ` ` `attrib` `@attrs` `  ` `class` ` ` `Cutlery` `:` `    ` `knives` ` ` `=` ` ` `attrib` `(` `default` `=` `0` `)` `  ` `    ` `forks` ` ` `=` ` ` `attrib` `(` `default` `=` `0` `)` `    ` `def` ` ` `give` `(` `self` `,` ` ` `to` `:` ` ` `'Cutlery'` `,` ` ` `knives` `=` `0` `,` ` ` `forks` `=` `0` `):` `  ` `        ` `self` `.` `change` `(` `-` `knives` `,` ` ` `-` `forks` `)` `        ` `to` `.` `change` `(` `knives` `,` ` ` `forks` `)` `    ` `def` ` ` `change` `(` `self` `,` ` ` `knives` `,` ` ` `forks` `):` `  ` `            ` `self` `.` `knives` ` ` `+=` ` ` `knives` `            ` `self` `.` `forks` ` ` `+=` ` ` `forks` `kitchen` ` ` `=` ` ` `Cutlery` `(` `knives` `=` `100` `,` ` ` `forks` `=` `100` `)` `  ` `bots` ` ` `=` ` ` `[` `ThreadBot` `()` ` ` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `10` `)]` `  ` `import` ` ` `sys` `for` ` ` `bot` ` ` `in` ` ` `bots` `:` `    ` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `int` `(` `sys` `.` `argv` `[` `1` `])):` `  ` `        ` `bot` `.` `tasks` `.` `put` `(` `'prepare table'` `)` `        ` `bot` `.` `tasks` `.` `put` `(` `'clear table'` `)` `    ` `bot` `.` `tasks` `.` `put` `(` `'shutdown'` `)` `  ` `print` `(` `'Kitchen inventory before service:'` `,` ` ` `kitchen` `)` `for` ` ` `bot` ` ` `in` ` ` `bots` `:` **Case Study: Robots and Cutlery ** **| ** **15**