Multithreading PyThread OS Specific  Thread Start Inside Thread t_bootstrap PyObject_Call target 
##POSIX Threads 

 POSIX threads, named  pthreads , have an implementation in  Python thread_pthread.h . This implementation abstracts the  <pthread.h>  C API with some additional safeguards and optimizations. Threads can have a conﬁgured stack size. Python has it’s own stack frame construct, as you explored in the chapter on the Evaluation Loop. If there is an issue causing a recursive loop, and the frame execution hits the depth limit, Python will raise a  RecursionError  which can be handled from a  try..except  block in Python code. Because pthreads have their own stack size, the max depth of Python and the stack size of the pthread might conflict. If the thread stack size is smaller than the max frame depth in Python, the entire Python process will crash before a  RecursionError  is raised. Also, the max depth in Python can be conﬁgured at runtime using sys.setrecursionlimit() . To avoid these crashes, the CPython pthread implementation sets the stack size to the  pythread_stacksize  value of the Interpreter State. Most modern POSIX-compliant Operating Systems support system scheduling of pthreads. If PTHREAD_SYSTEM_SCHED_SUPPORTED  is deﬁned in pyconfig.h , the pthread is set to  PTHREAD_SCOPE_SYSTEM , meaning that the priority of the thread on the Operating System scheduler is decided against the other threads on the system, not just the ones within the Python process. Once the thread properties have been conﬁgured, the thread is created using the  pthread_create()  API. This runs the bootstrap function from inside the new thread. 267