`    ` `bot` `.` `start` `()` `for` ` ` `bot` ` ` `in` ` ` `bots` `:` `    ` `bot` `.` `join` `()` `print` `(` `'Kitchen inventory after service:'` `,` ` ` `kitchen` `)` `attrs` , which is an open source Python library that has nothing to do with threads or  `asyncio` , is a really wonderful library for making class creation easy. Here, the  `@attrs`  decorator will ensure that this  `Cutlery`  class will get all the usual boilerplate code (like  `__init__()` ) automatically set up. The  `attrib()`  function provides an easy way to create attributes, including defaults, which you might normally have handled as keyword arguments in the `__init__()`  method. This method is used to transfer knives and forks from one  `Cutlery`  object to another. Typically, it will be used by bots to obtain cutlery from the kitchen for new tables, and to return the cutlery back to the kitchen after a table is cleared. This is a very simple utility function for altering the inventory data in the object instance. We’ve defined  `kitchen`  as the identifier for the kitchen inventory of cutlery. Typically, each of the bots will obtain cutlery from this location. It is also required that they return cutlery to this store when a table is cleared. This script is executed when testing. For our test, we’ll be using 10 ThreadBots. We get the number of tables as a command-line parameter, and then give each bot that number of tasks for preparing and clearing tables in the restaurant. The  `shutdown`  task will make the bots stop (so that  `bot.join()`  a bit further down will return). The rest of the script prints diagnostic messages and starts up the bots. Your strategy for testing the code basically involves running a group of ThreadBots over a sequence of table service. Each ThreadBot must do the following: • * Prepare*  a “table for four,” which means obtaining four sets of knives and forks from the kitchen. • * Clear*  a table, which means returning the set of four knives and forks from a table back to the kitchen. **16 ** **| ** **Chapter 2: The Truth About Threads**