Coroutines point around the execution of a generator, the stack trace goes through the generator and the oﬀending code is clear 11. The frame inside the generator is executed within the  Python ceval.c  main execution loop, and the value returned 12. The thread state last exception is reset to the value before the frame was called 13. The generator is marked as not running 14. The following cases then match the return value and any exceptions thrown by the call to the generator. Remember that generators should raise a  StopIteration  when they are exhausted, either manually, or by not yielding a value. Coroutines and async generators should not: • If no result was returned from the frame, raise a  StopIteration for generators and  StopAsyncIteration  for async generators • If a  StopIteration  was explicitly raised, but this is a coroutine or an async generator, raise a  RuntimeError  as this is not allowed • If a  StopAsyncIteration  was explicitly raised and this is an async generator, raise a  RuntimeError , as this is not allowed 15. Lastly, the result is returned back to the caller of  __next__() Bringing this all together, you can see how the generator expression is a powerful syntax where a single keyword,  yield  triggers a whole flow to create a unique object, copy a compiled code object as a property, set a frame, and store a list of variables in the local scope. 
#Coroutines 

 Generators have a big limitation. They can only yield values to their immediate caller. An additional syntax was added to Python to overcome this- the  yield from  statement. Using this syntax, you can refactor generators into utility functions and then  yield from  them. 275