978-1-492-07533-2 [LSI] **Using Asyncio in Python** by Caleb Hattingh Copyright © 2020 Tekmoji Pty Ltd. All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America. Published by O’Reilly Media, Inc., 1005 Gravenstein Highway North, Sebastopol, CA 95472. O’Reilly books may be purchased for educational, business, or sales promotional use. Online editions are also available for most titles ( *http://oreilly.com* ). For more information, contact our corporate/institutional sales department: 800-998-9938 or  *corporate@oreilly.com* . **Acquisitions Editor:**  Jessica Haberman **Developmental Editor:**  Corbin Collins **Production Editor:**  Beth Kelly **Copyeditor:**  Rachel Head **Proofreader:**  Sharon Wilkey **Indexer:**  Ellen Troutman-Zaig **Interior Designer:**  David Futato **Cover Designer:**  Karen Montgomery **Illustrator:**  Rebecca Demarest February 2020:  First Edition **Revision History for the First Edition** 2020-01-30: First Release See  *http://oreilly.com/catalog/errata.csp?isbn=9781492075332*  for release details. The O’Reilly logo is a registered trademark of O’Reilly Media, Inc.  *Using Asyncio in Python* , the cover image, and related trade dress are trademarks of O’Reilly Media, Inc. The views expressed in this work are those of the author, and do not represent the publisher’s views. While the publisher and the author have used good faith efforts to ensure that the information and instructions contained in this work are accurate, the publisher and the author disclaim all responsibility for errors or omissions, including without limitation responsibility for damages resulting from the use of or reliance on this work. Use of the information and instructions contained in this work is at your own risk. If any code samples or other technology this work contains or describes is subject to open source licenses or the intellectual property rights of others, it is your responsibility to ensure that your use thereof complies with such licenses and/or rights.