Unicode String Type 
#Unicode String Type 

 Python Unicode strings are complicated. Cross-platform Unicode types in any platform are complicated. The cause of this complexity is the number of encodings that are on oﬀer, and the diﬀerent default conﬁgurations on the platforms that Python supports. The Python 2 string type was stored in C using the  char  type. The 1byte  char  type suﬃciently stores any of the ASCII (American Standard Code for Information Interchange) characters and has been used in computer programming since the 1970s. ASCII does not support the 1000’s of languages and character sets that are in use across the world. Also, there are extended glyph character sets like emojis, which it cannot support. A standard system of coding and a database of characters was created, known as the Unicode Standard. The modern Unicode Standard includes characters for all written languages, as well as extended glyphs and characters. The  Unicode Character Database  (UCD) contains 137,929 at version 12.1 (compared with the 128 in ASCII). The Unicode standard deﬁnes these characters in a character table called the  Universal Character Set (UCS) . Each character has a unique identiﬁer known as a  code point . There are then many  encodings  that use the Unicode Standard and convert the code-point into a binary value. Python Unicode strings support three lengths of encodings: • 1-byte (8-bit) • 2-byte (16-bit) • 4-byte (32-bit) These variable-length encodings are referred to within the implemen- 301