Python and C Modules elif  g  ==  maxc: h  =  2.0 + rc - bc else : h  =  4.0 + gc - rc h  =  (h / 6.0 )  %  1.0 return  h, l, s There’s nothing special about this function, it’s just standard Python. You’ll ﬁnd similar things with all of the pure Python standard library modules. They’re just written in plain Python, well laid out and easy to understand. You may even spot improvements or bugs, so you can make changes to them and contribute it to the Python distribution. You’ll cover that toward the end of this book. 
#Python and C Modules 

 The remainder of modules are written in C, or a combination or Python and C. The source code for these is in  Lib  for the Python component, and  Modules  for the C component. There are two exceptions to this rule, the  sys  module, found in  Python sysmodule.c  and the __builtins__  module, found in  Python bltinmodule.c . Python will  import * from __builtins__  when an interpreter is instantiated, so all of the functions like  print() ,  chr() ,  format() , etc. are found within  Python bltinmodule.c . Because the  sys  module is so speciﬁc to the interpreter and the internals of CPython, that is found inside the  Python  directory. It is also marked as an “implementation detail” of CPython and not found in other distributions. The built-in  print()  function was probably the ﬁrst thing you learned to do in Python. So what happens when you type  print("hello world!") ? 1. The argument  "hello world"  was converted from a string constant to a  PyUnicodeObject  by the compiler 320