Using This Knowledge to Improve Your Python Applications • What  PyObject*  is and its interfaces. See the Object and Variable Object Types section in the Objects and Types chapter. • What type slots are and how to access Python type APIs from C. See the Type Slots section in the Objects and Types chapter. • How to add breakpoints to C source ﬁles for your extension module and debug them. See the Debugging chapter. See Also Over at realpython.com, Danish Prakash has written a great tutorial on  Building a C Extension Module.  This tutorial includes a concrete example of building, compiling and testing an extension module. 
#Using This Knowledge to Improve Your 

 
#Python Applications 

 There are several important topics covered in this book that can help you improve your applications. Here are some examples: • Using Parallelism and Concurrency techniques to reduce the execution time of your applications. See the Parallelism and Concurrency chapter. • Customizing the Garbage Collector algorithm to collect at the end of a task in your application to better handle memory. See the Garbage Collection section in the Memory Management chapter. • Using the debuggers to debug C extensions and triage issues. See the Debugging chapter. • Using proﬁlers to proﬁle the execution time of your code. See the Proﬁling Python Code with cProﬁle section of the Benchmarking, Proﬁling, and Tracing chapter. • Analyzing frame execution to inspect and debug complex issues. See the Frame Execution Tracing section in The Evaluation Loop chapter. 372