Using This Knowledge to Contribute to the CPython Project 1. Make sure you have a BPO number. 2. Create a branch on your fork of CPython. See the Getting the Source Code chapter for steps on downloading the source code. 3. Create a test to reproduce the issue. See the Testing Modules section of The Test Suite chapter for steps. 4. Make your change following the PEP7 and PEP8 style guides. 5. Run the Regression Test suite to check all the tests are passing. The regression test suite will automatically run on GitHub when you submit the Pull-Request, but it is better to check it locally ﬁrst. See The Test Suite chapter for steps. 6. Commit and push your changes to GitHub. 7. Go to  github.com/python/cpython  and create a pull request for your branch After submitting your pull request it will be triaged by one of the triage teams and assigned to a Core Developer or team for review. As mentioned earlier, the CPython project needs more contributors. The time between submitting your change can be an hour, a week, or many months. Don’t be dismayed if you don’t get an immediate response. All of the Core Developers are volunteers and tend to review and merge pull requests in batches. Important It is important only to ﬁx one thing in one pull request. If you see a separate (unrelated) issue in some code while writing your patch, make a note and submit it as a second pull request. To help get your change merged quickly, a good explanation of the problem, the solution, and the ﬁx go a long way. 375