4  Unfortunately, the first parameter of  `run_in_executor()`  is the  `Executor`  instance to use, and you  *must*  pass `None`  in order to use the default. Every time I use this, it feels like the “executor” parameter is crying out to be a kwarg with a default value of  `None` . Unrelated to this section, but something to keep in mind for later in the book: note that the blocking sleep time (0.5 seconds) is shorter than the nonblocking sleep time (1 second) in the  `main()`  coroutine. This makes the code sample neat and tidy. In  “Waiting for the Executor During Shutdown” on page 68  we’ll explore what happens if executor functions outlive their async counterparts during the shutdown sequence. `await loop.run_in_executor(None, func)` This is the last of our list of essential, must-know features of  `asyncio` . Sometimes you need to run things in a separate thread or even a separate process: this method is used for exactly that. Here we pass our blocking function to be run in the default executor. 4  Note that  `run_in_executor()`  does  *not*  block the main thread: it only schedules the executor task to run (it returns a  `Future` , which means you can  `await`  it if the method is called within another coroutine function). The executor task will begin executing only after  `run_until_complete()`  is called, which allows the event loop to start processing events. Further to the note in callout 2: the set of tasks in  `pending`  does  *not*  include an entry for the call to  `blocking()`  made in  `run_in_executor()` . This will be true of any call that returns a  `Future`  rather than a  `Task` . The documentation is quite good at specifying return types, so you’ll see the return type there; just remember that  `all_tasks()`  really does return only  `Task` s, not  `Future` s. Here’s the output of running this script: `$ ` `python quickstart_exe.py` `Sun Aug 18 01:20:42 2019 Hello!` `Sun Aug 18 01:20:43 2019 Hello from a thread!` `Sun Aug 18 01:20:43 2019 Goodbye!` Now that you’ve seen the most essential parts of  `asyncio`  for end-user developer needs, it’s time to expand our scope and arrange the  `asyncio`  API into a kind of hierarchy. This will make it easier to digest and understand how to take what you need from the documentation, and no more. **Quickstart ** **| ** **27**