Basic C Syntax In addition to the code to be executed in the loop, there are three blocks of code which control the  for  loop. The  <initialization>  section is run exactly one time when the loop is started. It traditionally is used to set a loop counter to an initial value (and possibly declare the loop counter). The  <increment>  code is run immediately after each pass through the main block of the loop. Traditionally this will increment the loop counter. Finally, the  <condition> is run after the  <increment> . The return value of this code will be evaluated and the loop breaks when this condition returns false. Here’s an example from  Modules/sha512module.c : for  (i =  0 ; i <  8 ; ++i) { S[i] = sha_info->digest[i]; } This loop will run 8 times, with  i  going from 0 to 7, terminating when the condition is check and  i  is 8. while  loops are virtually identical to their Python counterparts. The do..while()  syntax is a little diﬀerent, however. The condition on a do...while()  loop is not checked until after the ﬁrst time the body of the loop is executed. There are many instances of  for  loops and  while  loops in the CPython code base, but  do..while()  is unused. 
##Functions 

 The syntax for functions in C is similar to that in Python, with the addition that the return type and parameter types must be speciﬁed. The C syntax looks like this: <return_type> function_name(<parameters>) { <function_body> } The return type can be any valid type in C, including both built-in 385