Basic C Syntax types like  int  and  double  as well as custom types like  PyObject  like in this example from  semaphore.c : static  PyObject * semlock_release(SemLockObject *self, PyObject *args) { <statements of function body here> } Here you see a couple of C-speciﬁc things in play. First oﬀ, remember that whitespace does not matter. Much of the CPython source code puts the return type of a function on the line above the rest of that function declaration. That’s the  PyObject *  part. We’ll talk about the  * aspect of this a little later, but here we should point out that there are several modiﬁers you can place on functions and variables. static  is one of these modiﬁers. Unfortunately these modiﬁers have some complex rules governing how they operate. For instance, the static  modiﬁer here means something very diﬀerent than placing it in front of a variable declarations. Fortunately, these modiﬁers can generally be ignored while trying to read and understand the CPython source code. The parameter list for functions is a comma-separated list of variables, similar to Python. Again, C requires speciﬁc types for each parameter, so the  SemLockObject *self  says that the ﬁrst parameter (all parameters in C are positional) is a pointer to a  SemLockObject  and is called  self . Let’s look at what the pointer part of that statement means. To give some context, the parameters that are passed to C are all passed by value, meaning the function operates on a copy of the value and not the original in the calling function. To work around this, functions will frequently pass in the address of some data that the function can modify. These addresses are called  pointers  and have types, so  int *  is a pointer to an int value and is of a diﬀerent type than  double *  which is a pointer to a double. 386