Basic C Syntax 
##Pointers 

 As mentioned above, pointers are variables that hold the address of a value. These are used frequently in C as seen in the example above: static  PyObject * semlock_release(SemLockObject *self, PyObject *args) { <statements of function body here> } Here the  self  parameter will hold the address of (usually called “a pointer to”) a  SemLockObject  value. Also note that the function will return a pointer to a  PyObject  value. There is a special value in C to indicate that a pointer does not point to anything, called  NULL . You’ll see pointers assigned to  NULL  and checked against  NULL  throughout the CPython source. This is important as there are very few limitations as to what values a pointer can have and access a memory location that is not oﬃcially part of your program can cause very strange behavior. If you try to access the memory at  NULL , on the other hand, your program will exit immediately. This may not seem better, but it’s generally easier to ﬁgure out a memory bug if  NULL  is accessed than if a random memory address is modiﬁed. 
##Strings 

 In C there is not a string type. There is a convention around which many standard library functions are written, but there is not an actual type. Rather, strings in C are stored as arrays of  char  or  wchar  values, each of which holds a single character. Strings are marked with a  null-terminator  which has a value  0  and is usually shown in code as  0 . Basic string operations like  strlen()  rely on this null-terminator to mark the end of the string. 387