be simpler. The final network I/O tier is the transport tier (Tier 7). It is unlikely you will ever have to work with this tier directly, unless you’re creating a framework for others to use and you need to customize how the transports are set up. In  “Quickstart” on page 22 , we looked at the absolute bare minimum that one would need to know to get started with the  `asyncio`  library. Now that we’ve had a look at how the entire  `asyncio`  library API is put together, I’d like to revisit that short list of features and reemphasize which parts you are likely to need to learn. These are the tiers that are most important to focus on when learning how to use the `asyncio`  library module for writing network applications: *Tier 1* Understanding how to write  `async def`  functions and use  `await`  to call and execute other coroutines is essential. *Tier 2* Understanding how to start up, shut down, and interact with the event loop is essential. *Tier 5* Executors are necessary to use blocking code in your async application, and the reality is that most third-party libraries are not yet  `asyncio` -compatible. A good example of this is the SQLAlchemy database ORM library, for which no featurecomparable alternative is available right now for  `asyncio` . *Tier 6* If you need to feed data to one or more long-running coroutines, the best way to do that is with  `asyncio.Queue` . This is exactly the same strategy as using `queue.Queue`  for distributing data between threads. The Asyncio version of `Queue`  uses the same API as the standard library queue module, but uses coroutines instead of the blocking methods like  `get()` . *Tier 9* The streams API gives you the simplest way to handle socket communication over a network, and it is here that you should begin prototyping ideas for network applications. You may find that more fine-grained control is needed, and then you could switch to the protocols API, but in most projects it’s usually best to keep things simple until you know exactly what problem you’re trying to solve. Of course, if you’re using an  `asyncio` -compatible third-party library that handles all the socket communication for you, like  `aiohttp` , you won’t need to directly work with the  `asyncio`  network tiers at all. In this case, you must rely heavily on the documentation provided with the library. **30 ** **| ** **Chapter 3: Asyncio Walk-Through**