5  And furthermore, this is how other open source libraries such as Twisted and Tornado have exposed async support in the past. *Example 3-5. An async def function returns a coroutine object* `>>>` ` ` `coro` ` ` `=` ` ` `f` `()` `>>>` ` ` `type` `(` `coro` `)` `<` `class` ` ` `'` `coroutine` `'>` `>>>` ` ` `inspect` `.` `iscoroutine` `(` `coro` `)` `True` This brings us back to our original question: what exactly is a coroutine? A  *coroutine* is an  *object*  that encapsulates the ability to resume an underlying function that has been suspended before completion. If that sounds familiar, it’s because coroutines are very similar to generators. Indeed, before the introduction of  *native*  coroutines with the  `async def`  and  `await`  keywords in Python 3.5, it was already possible to use the `asyncio`  library in Python 3.4 by using normal generators with special decorators. 5  It isn’t surprising that the new  `async def`  functions (and the coroutines they return) behave in a similar way to generators. We can play with coroutine objects a bit more to see how Python makes use of them. Most importantly, we want to see how Python is able to “switch” execution between coroutines. Let’s first look at how the return value can be obtained. When a coroutine  *returns* , what really happens is that a  `StopIteration`  exception is raised.  Example 3-6 , which continues in the same session as the previous examples, makes that clear. *Example 3-6. Coroutine internals: using send() and StopIteration* `>>>` ` ` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `f` `():` `...` `    ` `return` ` ` `123` `>>>` ` ` `coro` ` ` `=` ` ` `f` `()` `>>>` ` ` `try` `:` `...` `   ` `coro` `.` `send` `(` `None` `)` `  ` `...` ` ` `except` ` ` `StopIteration` ` ` `as` ` ` `e` `:` `...` `   ` `print` `(` `'The answer was:'` `,` ` ` `e` `.` `value` `)` `  ` `...` `The` ` ` `answer` ` ` `was` `:` ` ` `123` A coroutine is  *initiated*  by “sending” it a  `None` . Internally, this is what the  *event* *loop*  is going to be doing to your precious coroutines; you will never have to do this manually. All the coroutines you make will be executed either with `loop.create_task(` `coro` `)`  or  `await ` `coro` . It’s the  `loop`  that does the  `.send(None)` behind the scenes. **Coroutines ** **| ** **33**