During my research for this book, I became convinced that the API method `asyncio.ensure_future()`  is responsible for much of the widespread misunderstanding about the  `asyncio`  library. Much of the API is really quite clear, but there are a few bad stumbling blocks to learning, and this is one of them. When you come across  `ensure_future()` , your brain works very hard to integrate it into your mental model of how  `asyncio`  should be used—and likely fails! The problem with  `ensure_future()`  is highlighted by this now-infamous explanation in the  Python 3.6  `asyncio`  documentation : `asyncio.ensure_future` ( `coro_or_future` , *, _ `loop=None` ) Schedule the execution of a  *coroutine object* : wrap it in a future. Return a  *Task*  object. If the argument is a  *Future* , it is returned directly. What!? When I first read this, it was very confusing. Here is a (hopefully) clearer description of  `ensure_future()` : •  If you pass in a coroutine, it will produce a  `Task`  instance (and your coroutine will be scheduled to run on the event loop). This is identical to calling `asyncio.create_task()`  (or  `loop.create_task()` ) and returning the new  `Task` instance. •  If you pass in a  `Future`  instance (or a  `Task`  instance, because  `Task`  is a subclass of `Future` ), you get that very same thing returned,  *unchanged* . Yes, really! This function is a great example of the difference between the  `asyncio`  API that is aimed at  *end-user developers*  (the high-level API) and the  `asyncio`  API aimed at *framework designers*  (the low-level API). Let’s have a closer look at how it works, in Example 3-18 . *Example 3-18. A closer look at what ensure_future() is doing* `import` ` ` `asyncio` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `f` `():` `  ` `    ` `pass` `coro` ` ` `=` ` ` `f` `()` `  ` `loop` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `get_event_loop` `()` `  ` `task` ` ` `=` ` ` `loop` `.` `create_task` `(` `coro` `)` `  ` `assert` ` ` `isinstance` `(` `task` `,` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `Task` `)` `  ` `new_task` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `ensure_future` `(` `coro` `)` `  ` `assert` ` ` `isinstance` `(` `new_task` `,` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `Task` `)` **Tasks and Futures ** **| ** **43**