The initializer of this class is quite ordinary: we store the Redis connection instance and the list of keys to iterate over. Just as in the previous code example with  `__iter__()` , we use  `__aiter__()`  to set things up for iteration. We create a normal iterator over the keys,  `self.ikeys` , and  `return self`  because  `OneAtATime`  also implements the  `__anext__()`  coroutine method. Note that the  `__anext__()`  method is declared with  `async def` , while the `__aiter__()`  method is declared only with  `def` . For each key, we fetch the value from Redis:  `self.ikeys`  is a regular iterator over the keys, so we use  `next()`  to move over them. When  `self.ikeys`  is exhausted, we handle the  `StopIteration`  and simply turn it into a  `StopAsyncIteration` ! This is how you signal stop from inside an async iterator. Finally—the entire point of this example—we can get the data from Redis associated with this key. We can  `await`  the data, which means that other code can run on the event loop while we wait on network I/O. Hopefully, this example is clear:  `async for`  provides the ability to retain the convenience of a simple  `for`  loop, even when iterating over data where the iteration itself is performing I/O. The benefit is that you can process enormous amounts of data with a single loop, because you have to deal with each chunk only in tiny batches. ### Simpler Code with Async Generators
 *Async generators*  are  `async def`  functions that have  `yield`  keywords inside them. Async generators result in simpler code. However, the idea of them might be confusing if you have some experience with using generators  *as if*  they were coroutines, such as with the Twisted framework, or the Tornado framework, or even with  `yield from`  in Python 3.4’s  `asyncio` . Therefore, before we continue, it will be best if you can convince yourself that •  Coroutines and generators are completely different concepts. •  Async generators behave much like ordinary generators. •  For iteration, you use  `async for`  for async generators, instead of the ordinary `for`  used for ordinary generators. **Simpler Code with Async Generators ** **| ** **53**