You can also use  `await`  inside comprehensions, as outlined in PEP 530. This shouldn’t be a surprise;  `await`   `coro`  is a normal expression and can be used in most places you would expect. It’s the  `async for`  that makes a comprehension an  *async comprehension* , not the presence of  `await` . All that’s needed for  `await`  to be legal (inside a comprehension) is for it to be used inside the body of a coroutine function—i.e., a function declared with `async def` . Using  `await`  and  `async for`  inside the same list comprehension is really combining two separate concepts, but we’ll do this anyway in  Example 3-28  to make sure you’re comfortable with async language syntax. *Example 3-28. Putting it all together* `>>>` ` ` `import` ` ` `asyncio` `>>>` `>>>` ` ` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `f` `(` `x` `):` `  ` `...` `   ` `await` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `sleep` `(` `0.1` `)` `...` `   ` `return` ` ` `x` ` ` `+` ` ` `100` `...` `>>>` ` ` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `factory` `(` `n` `):` `  ` `...` `   ` `for` ` ` `x` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `n` `):` `...` `     ` `await` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `sleep` `(` `0.1` `)` `...` `     ` `yield` ` ` `f` `,` ` ` `x` `  ` `...` `>>>` ` ` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `main` `():` `...` `   ` `results` ` ` `=` ` ` `[` `await` ` ` `f` `(` `x` `)` ` ` `async` ` ` `for` ` ` `f` `,` ` ` `x` ` ` `in` ` ` `factory` `(` `3` `)]` `  ` `...` `   ` `print` `(` `'results = '` `,` ` ` `results` `)` `...` `>>>` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `run` `(` `main` `())` `results` ` ` `=` `  ` `[` `100` `,` ` ` `101` `,` ` ` `102` `]` A simple coroutine function: sleep for a bit; then return the parameter plus 100. This is an  *async generator* , which we will call inside an async list comprehension a bit farther down, using  `async for`  to drive the iteration. The async generator will yield a tuple of  `f`  and the iteration var  `x` . The  `f`  return value is a  *coroutine function* , not yet a coroutine. Finally, the async comprehension. This example has been contrived to demonstrate a comprehension that includes  *both*   `async for`  and  `await` . Let’s break down what’s happening inside the comprehension. First, the  `factory(3)`  call returns an async generator, which must be driven by iteration. Because it’s an *async*  generator, you can’t just use  `for` ; you must use  `async for` .  **56 ** **| ** **Chapter 3: Asyncio Walk-Through**