`asyncio`  has built-in support for handling process signals, but there’s a surprising degree of complexity around signal handling in general (not specific to  `asyncio` ). We cannot cover everything here, but we can have a look at some of the more basic considerations that need to be made.  Example 3-33  will produce the following output: `$ ` `python shell_signal01.py` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `^C` `Got signal: SIGINT, shutting down.` I pressed Ctrl-C to stop the program, as shown on the last line.  Example 3-33  intentionally avoids using the convenient  `asyncio.run()`  function because I want to warn you about specific traps in handling the two most common signals,  `SIGTERM`  and `SIGINT` , during your shutdown sequence. After we discuss these, I will show a final example of signal handling using the more convenient  `asyncio.run()`  function. *Example 3-33. Refresher for using KeyboardInterrupt as a SIGINT handler* `# shell_signal01.py` `import` ` ` `asyncio` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `main` `():` `  ` `    ` `while` ` ` `True` `:` `        ` `print` `(` `'<Your app is running>'` `)` `        ` `await` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `sleep` `(` `1` `)` `if` ` ` `__name__` ` ` `==` ` ` `'__main__'` `:` `    ` `loop` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `get_event_loop` `()` `    ` `task` ` ` `=` ` ` `loop` `.` `create_task` `(` `main` `())` `  ` `    ` `try` `:` `        ` `loop` `.` `run_until_complete` `(` `task` `)` `    ` `except` ` ` `KeyboardInterrupt` `:` `  ` `        ` `print` `(` `'Got signal: SIGINT, shutting down.'` `)` `    ` `tasks` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `all_tasks` `(` `loop` `=` `loop` `)` `    ` `for` ` ` `t` ` ` `in` ` ` `tasks` `:` `        ` `t` `.` `cancel` `()` `    ` `group` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `gather` `(` `*` `tasks` `,` ` ` `return_exceptions` `=` `True` `)` `    ` `loop` `.` `run_until_complete` `(` `group` `)` `    ` `loop` `.` `close` `()` This is the main part of our application. To keep things simple, we’re just going to sleep in an infinite loop. This startup and shutdown sequence will be familiar to you from the previous section. We schedule  `main()` , call  `run_forever()` , and wait for something to stop the loop. **64 ** **| ** **Chapter 3: Asyncio Walk-Through**