`SIGINT`  and is preconfigured in Python until you do something to change the handler, as we’re doing here. As usual, execution blocks on  `run_forever()`  until something stops the loop. In this case, the loop will be stopped inside  `handler()`  if either  `SIGINT`  or  `SIGTERM`  is sent to our process. The remainder of the code is the same as before. Here’s the output: `$ ` `python shell_signal02.py` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `<Your app is running>` `^C` `Got signal: Signals.SIGINT, shutting down.` `<Your app is shutting down...>` `^C` `<Your app is shutting down...>  ` `^C` `<Your app is shutting down...>` I hit Ctrl-C a bunch of times during the shutdown phase, but as expected, nothing happened until the  `main()`  coroutine eventually completed. In these examples, I’ve controlled the life cycle of the event loop the hard way, but this was necessary to explain the components of the shutdown procedure. In practice, we would much prefer to use the more convenient  `asyncio.run()`  function. Example 3-35  retains the features of the preceding signal-handling design, but also takes advantage of the convenience of  `asyncio.run()` . *Example 3-35. Signal handling when using asyncio.run()* `# shell_signal02b.py` `import` ` ` `asyncio` `from` ` ` `signal` ` ` `import` ` ` `SIGINT` `,` ` ` `SIGTERM` `async` ` ` `def` ` ` `main` `():` `    ` `loop` ` ` `=` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `get_running_loop` `()` `    ` `for` ` ` `sig` ` ` `in` ` ` `(` `SIGTERM` `,` ` ` `SIGINT` `):` `        ` `loop` `.` `add_signal_handler` `(` `sig` `,` ` ` `handler` `,` ` ` `sig` `)` `  ` `    ` `try` `:` `        ` `while` ` ` `True` `:` `            ` `print` `(` `'<Your app is running>'` `)` `            ` `await` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `sleep` `(` `1` `)` `    ` `except` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `CancelledError` `:` `        ` `for` ` ` `i` ` ` `in` ` ` `range` `(` `3` `):` `            ` `print` `(` `'<Your app is shutting down...>'` `)` `            ` `await` ` ` `asyncio` `.` `sleep` `(` `1` `)` **Starting Up and Shutting Down (Gracefully!) ** **| ** **67**